it's amazing. I truly am better than everyone else. You really are. It's wild. Look at that self-control.
Oh hey. I wasn't looking. Are you eating cereal? I was just kind of flushing it out of my mouth with
some water. What kind of milk do you put in your cereal? Soy milk. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm braced
for it. Sometimes I don't milk, but mostly we get oat milk for my youngest who prefers it. I mean,
it's better. It's sweeter as sugar in it. It's delicious, but I stick to soy milk.
I mean, I've told you the thing that ruins oat milk, right? No. It's got a higher glycemic index than
a can of Coca-Cola. Oh, geez. Okay. Yeah. That does ruin it for me. I wonder if my
four-year-old loves it. He said that I was like, yeah. I just get him some Coke, I guess.
To be honest, it doesn't taste to me. It's really weird because I'm like, this definitely
isn't taste as good as a Coke. Like all the glycemic index without the taste of Coke.
Yeah, not the benefits. I did use to love Coke. I haven't had soda in a long time.
Oh, really? But I always enjoyed it. It's like certain foods that I really miss,
Coke. Any kind of Italian marinara stuff, I always loved Coke with spaghetti or pizza.
It's so good. I replaced it with kombucha. That's true. You know, the kombucha that I gave you,
the green apple one, that to me just tastes 100% like soda. It's like fizzy, it's sweet.
It's to me exactly as good as soda. And I'm like, there's no way that this,
nothing in life is like that. Nothing in life is like, these two things are exactly as good,
and one is good for you and one is bad for you, right? No, there's usually a trade-off.
This is okay. Yeah. I will say there's not really like another drink I've had that kind of like
has that dark soda, like Coke taste. Like I drink a lot of Mountain Dew growing up,
and I do feel like the pineapple kombucha one-to-one replacement, like I feel good about it.
But if you want that like dark cola taste, soda or pop, we talked about this in Florida,
all the different names. What do you guys call it? We call it soda. Well, some people
in the Ozarks call it soda pop. Sorry. We're awful. We're the armpit of America. Sorry.
No, I mean, you were telling us about the really funny thing where Casey calls everything a Coke,
even if it's not a Coke. Yeah, no, that's when I first married her. She's
since acclimated to the Ozarks and she does just call it soda now. Now she calls it soda pop.
We don't really say the word a lot because we don't drink. We don't drink it. But yeah,
everything in the south, like she's from Atlanta, everything is Coke. Like what kind of Coke you want?
Uh, Sprite. It was really, it seemed really rammed me until I remember that like Atlanta's
where Coke's here isn't everything. So it checks out. It's so funny how cities like take on the
identity of like the biggest company in them. Like it's such a big part of the culture in any
given city, like the biggest mega corporation there. Like the stadium's always named after it.
It's like there's this weird hometown pride about buying the product from the company that
is based there. But it makes sense. I mean, it's tribalism probably at its finest, I guess.
And a lot of people like probably work there and that's where they make their money and all that
stuff. I never actually lived anywhere that was like that because growing up everywhere I'm from
their parents worked in New York and they can you did New York, obviously. Everything. Yeah.
That's when I lived in New York and yeah, no one thing. Here in Miami, there isn't really anything
either American Airlines, right? Isn't that what we did have? We did have the arena was called
American by the American. I just go by the arenas. I think they were based there. Yeah,
I don't think they would. I don't think they would do the stadium deal. Otherwise I guess.
I don't know. Maybe not. That seems weird to me. Well, not just I'm a search away from knowing
the answer. So I'm going to know the answer. Just Miami doesn't feel very American, you know.
Yeah, the least American city. American Airlines base. I should know this. My brother is a pilot.
Headquarters for Delta. Yeah, for Delta for Texas. Well, then why did they? Huh. Oh, Miami. They also
have crew bases and Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas, Fort Worth, Los Angeles, Miami. Okay, this just
got really stupid. I don't need to keep reading. It's like every city. Yeah. Well, they renamed
the American Airlines to the FTX arena. And you know, the whole FTX thing happened. Wait, FTX?
Like, yeah, they bought it from they like bought it out from American Airlines. That's the guy,
right? The curly headed. What's his name? Yeah. What's his name? Yeah. It's also SBF. There's
some more acronyms. So they had it and their thing blew up. And then the arena was like,
like we didn't get all the money up front. So this is a problem. And it's crazy because you
think, Oh, it's just the name, you know, it's the thing on the outside. But like every single piece
of material, like all the napkins, every sign, like every little spot that you can bring something
has FTX on it. And now someone else bought it. And I just like, the name is so hard to remember.
Kite Casa center. What? What is that brand? I guess good job getting a stadium. So maybe
people will know what your thing is. Because I've never heard of you kidding me. What?
Because say a IT and security management for IT professionals, like we've never even heard of
it. I mean, I guess it's that corporate world. There's like a corporate IT world that we just
don't overlap with at all. But you're you're actually right because it seems like they're based in Miami.
That whole world, just like the like every time you go to an airport and you see the signage,
like all the IT signs are like, what is that company? What did they do? Like IBM just bought
what they just buy? How should corporate how should corporate is not a random company?
No. How should corporate not random? But like, what does IBM do anymore? Like they still exist?
IBM is so crazy. My friends used to work there. So I got like to peer inside. It is a it is so
weird. It's just okay. Actually, I think I can explain it really, really easily.
Every company in the world is now a tech company because you need to employ and build
texture. Even if you're like manufacturing peanuts. I don't know. That's the wrong word.
Manufacturing peanuts. Yeah. We make peanuts here. We know this is just like picked from tree peanuts.
It's like you need software engineers to like, you know, build stuff for the logistics and everything.
And these companies just hire IBM. They're just like, hey, IBM, like tell us what to do. And there's
this giant army of IBM consultants that just push a bunch of like weird bullshit. And it like,
kind of like does something, but it's usually like kind of useless or inefficient and they have
like all these weird things around it. So it's like, yeah, they have a bunch of technology. They
have like a cloud. They have cloud products. They're all horrible, but they have this massive consulting
arm that just does these things. And it's funny, like their whole marketing thing is their marketing
is all scams, in my opinion. It's just like, and so for some reason, we don't call it that.
Like they'll do something like Watson AI is curing cancer and they'll do some like crazy partnership
with some like cancer notable clinic. Yeah. And it'll be like big and splashy when they
announce it. And then if you actually like follow these projects, they're just like,
like they're nothing like nothing. There's nothing that happens. And they're like useless or like,
they just do these like PR and marketing dollars. Yeah. Yep. Wow. And that gets them like business
for consulting. And they also, it's they also make like a billion dollars a year on just real estate
stuff, just because they're like, so big. And they release their office space. They're also crazy
patent troll. They suit, they make like a bunch of money every year just from chasing
patent stuff. It just like, oh my word, just like a company deep in death. But you know,
the death can last that that's the thing for a hundred more years. Yeah, companies,
it's such a slow death. What's the parallel? Because I've read books, there's that book scale,
I think. I don't remember. There's a book. Those are talking about cities are unkillable.
Right. Like cities live forever almost. But like businesses are like people, they die.
That was a realization for me. But then like, I'm trying to think, but some businesses don't.
Yeah. Yeah. But some they don't. What is the parallel with a human that is like IBM? Like,
who is the human version of IBM? You know what I'm saying? I guess our politics are made up of,
I'm going to say, yeah. Huh. For our international listeners. Well, they're probably all the same,
all over the world, whatever, the US is like all old people, like all the politicians are old people
in America. And that's just a fact. I'm not old-chaining. Picking around forever. Yeah.
I just want to write off that entire enterprise everything. It's just like irrelevant to me.
And then I'm like, oh, that's pretty reductionist or something. Is that the right word? It's just like
very naive of me or something to be like, that stuff doesn't matter when it's like most of the
global economy, probably. Yeah. It's just, I mean, it's one of these situations where if you take,
again, I'm going to stick with this. I say the largest peanut manufacturer in the world.
Let's go with coffee. Can we do coffee manufacturers?
Yeah. Oh, I actually learned a bunch about this too recently. Like, they're probably a company
that's been around for 100 years. And they probably own massive physical things in the world.
Yeah. Just land. Like just physical warehouses they have.
The factories. And this business is probably horribly run by modern standards. It could
probably be like a factor of 10x more efficient and I make 10 times as much money. But it's
literally impossible to spin up some way to like there's like no angle to attack them with something
new. So on one hand, yeah, like you're right. Like that's a huge part of the world. But on the other
hand, it's like it's not representative of anything of the way the world should be really. They're
just like a legacy. They're factored in to like, you know, they start this business at the right
time and it's going to be around forever just because of that. Yeah. And I'm sure this applies
to like every industry, but I feel like I can more like more safely criticize tech stuff,
not safely, but like it's a little more appropriate. I feel like I know something about software.
So when there's companies like IBM that do what they do, I'm just like, that doesn't matter.
Yeah, because they have a cloud and like we know being like experts in that space,
we know it's like 100% garbage. There's like nothing evaluated.
Yeah, it's not an aversion to big companies like Amazon. Great. AWS relevant.
IBM not. So it's just like the legacy. There's there's legacy stink all over a company like that.
So you said you said coffee manufacturers. So
in our call, in our call that you missed because you refuse to sacrifice your body. Oh, who are you
all on that call? Is that the only one that missed that call? No, just me TJ and Liz.
Okay, because I feel like we need like a team call. I feel like we need to all sink at some point.
We'll do it next week. Okay. I just don't want to introduce like overhead because every time I
think of something like that, I'm like, Dask can be like, no, we don't need calls. We can just
anything like you're right. No, we can have them as needed. It's just, I just never want to put
anything on the calendar that's recurring. Yeah, I think half of it's just like, sorry,
it's not even a recurring thing. I think half of it's just like, we just had a moment. It'd be
nice to just like, hang out, just talk a little bit. No, and I want to do that. It's just like,
we're like, oh, yeah, no, I'm not rushing. Oh, you're good. Okay. Continue your story.
But next week. So anyway, we talked to for context for everyone, we talked to
our roasting partner and he was just giving us so much like, interesting information about
the coffee industry. And he was saying that, well, he's going to explain the economics of the whole
thing because we were talking about like, you know, what it takes to make the thing of folders,
which is like, you know, the cheapest coffee you can get. And he was describing the process of
so the coffee that he gets, it's handpicked. Like there's literally someone like picking
the beans by hand, like one by one. And it takes him, I think he said a day to pick a pound of coffee.
Wow. It's not like this massively efficient process. But then the people that these like
massive coffee companies, they literally just have these machines that go out and just like
do this automatically, but they're literally getting like branches, bird's nests, like all
this random crap in there. And like, then it's like obviously like crazy process in a similar way.
And there's all this error that happens. No, I mean, it doesn't like there's only so much you
can do. So you're literally getting that stuff in your, and he also mentioned that,
Oh, and they also over like burn it. They basically like roasted way too hard. Yeah.
To the point where he's like purify it. Because it's so gross. I think it's like, yeah, like they
can't afford margins of error. So there's like, you know, like gross the hell out of it to get this,
like, huh. So and maybe like last longer or something when you when you do it that way.
What a point is that these are optimizing for are not related to taste or like quality,
right? And you also mentioned that they roasted so aggressively that there's some way to measure
this. It's like how long something burns for it has like a higher point than than wood.
It like if you like burn a piece of wood. Yeah, if you have burn a piece of wood and burn like
the cool amount of this like coffee, the coffee would burn longer. It's just like this really
messed up process. And then he was saying that the coffee farmers in South America,
the average age of 65, because the next generation just hasn't really been able to find a way to
compete against that type of thing. That's where your tweet came that we're going to run into
problems with not enough people. No, that was actually before. No, that was actually I tweeted
that before. Oh, okay. No, it's not that I don't have people. It's just that like because these
bigger companies just do run that process and sell the coffee for super cheap. They just haven't
been able to make. There's not as much opportunity for like people doing it in this more direct way.
What happened? Yeah, with like livestock in America, like the big mega players kind of took over and
it's less family owned farms, I guess. Yeah. And they're still there and they still will be,
but obviously it's like a smaller number than before. But at the same time, the demand for
like better quality coffee is also going up. Yeah, which is why the operations like his are like
are important for that for that industry and operations like ours. Let's talk about it. I just,
all I could, we can talk about in terminal the entire podcast and people can just deal with it.
Like we're having some fun right now. And there's probably a lot to discuss even,
I don't know how much we want to talk about, but well, we're pretty open around here. We're
we'll talk about it all, right? There's nothing secret. I don't want to give away anything that's
going to be a surprise. Like I don't want to. Well, yeah, no, like things that are to be announced
things we won't talk about. Yeah, I don't know. We just had kind of like a an online moment.
I think we, well, I don't remember on our last podcast, what had just happened? I guess did we
launch before that podcast? We just we had just launched. We hang on. We didn't go for sale with
the first bags, right? We had just like announced it at React Miami. But since then we opened it up
for sales, right? Yeah, because we opened it up on Monday this week, man. It's funny. Whenever
you do a launch, I just happened to see also whenever you do a launch, you're like, oh, yeah,
we launched three weeks ago, but it was like, no, you launched like two days ago. It's been a long
week. There's just so much stimulus coming out here that it just blows down time or speeds up.
Yes. So since the last podcast, we launched sales. We can talk about that. That's that's new
information. Yeah. Yeah. So we launched on Monday and we sold out by Tuesday. Yeah, it's in 24
hours, right? Which is great. Yeah. And that's us only. Sorry. Yeah. There's us only a lot of
people begging us, please ship to Canada. Please ship to Brazil. So far away. Sorry.
My biggest issue in life is that everybody I like doesn't live next to me. I know, right?
Like the whole globalization thing's great until you're like, what if I want to be in the same
vicinity as people? I know. That's the only part they haven't figured out. If teleportation were
just a thing, it'd be amazing. I know. Why can't everyone just live where I want to live? So I will
say Casey and I may have found a solution to our problem, which is we built this amazing house that
we love. It's our dream home. And then we realized we could build it again, like the exact same house
in South Florida. Like, why not? Like, we'd still have our house. It'd just be like, our kids wouldn't
even know the difference. They'd just like walk outside and be like, this is different. But like,
mostly they wouldn't notice. We're doing it. You guys are crazy. Yeah, we'll see.
We love the house. It's like, if we just had it down there, we know the best of all the
world. Anyway, that is so funny. It's out of doing that, you should just like lift your house and
travel. There you go. Put it on a few trailers and just really love our house.
This specific one. Yeah. So the reception was really crazy. Like we got like the amount of
like went really viral yesterday. It was on top of Hacker News. We were actually waiting to
submit to Hacker News till later, but someone sent it and like we were at the number one slot
for a good amount of time. Hundreds of comments. I just looked at this morning. It's the points
on our posts. And I'm not a big Hacker News guy, so I don't have anything to put it
into context. But it was a lot. I don't know. Now I sound like a nerd.
Like I'm... No, I did really well. It did really well. And on Twitter, people are very excited.
Very excited. Our Twitter account is at like 10k almost already. It's probably hitting 10k right
now. Followers. There's crazy amount of impressions every week we post is going insane.
So really exciting launch. Yeah. So that's really good. I'm very annoying.
So my reaction to it is like that's good, but you know, it's kind of what I expected.
No, yeah. I mean, it's definitely like... There's a part of me that kind of like wishes it didn't
maybe go quite so insane right off the bat because I do... I'm leery of the like flash in the pan.
Like there's downsides to this kind of thing. And like we're trying to build a real business here.
This isn't just like a marketing stunt. There's a lot of people that I feel like
their reception was sort of like, wait, oh, it's not a joke? Oh, like you're actually selling coffee?
Like no, we're actually trying to build a real business here. Yeah, exactly. And like I think
it'll be fine. Like I think I think the next round when we actually... The plan is we're going to
open it up to once we have our process in place, it's not going to be this like, oh, we're selling
X-number of bags. We just have... You can order whenever you want. We roast every week and we ship
every week continuously. I don't... I think it'll take us a while to get back to this many orders,
but I don't think it's going to be like... I think it's something that'll just grow over time,
but I just really need to like see all the numbers and look at like,
just the standard process we run with everything else. I just need to be able to do that with this.
And then I'll kind of understand a little bit better. But yeah, so it was really good that I got
a lot of attention, but it's all about reordering and people forming a habit around this thing,
which takes time. Yep, but it's very exciting. And people are really funny. We got some really
funny, funny replies, things that we're going to steal from our own marketing, for sure.
That's the best part about like getting attention on the internet is you just steal
everybody's ideas when they like throw them at you. Like, here's good ideas.
Yeah. Awesome. On the negative side, or not negative, just like a funny reality of the world.
So I was telling you yesterday, so I've been talking about this thing where like my
big place got my barbecue from Kamado Joe, where I'm like, man, that's just a great business. You
go in every day, you just do this really wholesome thing and people love your product and it's great.
And I was like, imagining that. I was like, oh, this coffee thing is very similar. Like, yeah,
we're just selling coffee. You know, a lot of people like coffee through the terminal. It's
fun. It's goofy. Like, it's not serious. Yeah. And then I realized, you know what, I was painting
like a very rosy picture of the other thing, because no matter what it is, no matter what
your thing is, no matter how silly or stupid or non-serious your thing is, you just get haters
and I don't understand. It's like so mind-blowing to me that even this, okay, my robot SST, I get it.
Like, you're an annoying engineer. You just agree with something I say. You're going to be annoying.
Yeah. I totally get that. But that happens again with this stuff.
Yeah. It's like mind-blowing. Like, it's just, how can you have any kind of, again, most people,
even if they are not, they're not going to buy from us, even if like, whatever, they're like,
this is cool. Congratulations, guys. Like, a very normal response.
Yeah. But then like, every once in a while, you should be like, oh, you guys just wrapped
Charm Seal line called it a product. Like, that looks funny to me. No, I'd say anyone using any
library ever, like, oh, you just wrapped, you know, like, never mind the bagging the coffee beans
and all the many, many things that went into this. I mean, like, lots of time and effort and thought
and creativity went into this. But yeah, we basically just wrapped a library and built the business.
It's one thing where, like, the library has nothing to do with coffee or anything. It's like going to
air B&B and being like, you guys just wrapped the reaction. That one I didn't even, that didn't
even register for me. But it is funny. The people who, like, keep, it's like they're following you
around. Everything you do, they're like, they're on every medium. Like, there's this, there's this
person that's very convinced that we're going down because we're doing illegal things because
that's the stage is not secure. And here's why. And he's like following us on literally every platform.
Like, don't worry, this is all going to go away. Like, no one was worried. Like, no one is expecting
it to go. What is your problem? It's like, he really needs to see it fail. It's like part of his
identity. And it's funny because when I see people like that, I'm like, Oh, this is what prevents,
like, you think of everyone has ideas, but taking an idea to zero to making it happen. There's just
so many things that can get in your way. And like, so few people really, you know, follow through on
these things. And when I see stuff like that, it makes me realize like, Oh, there's just so many
ways you can just sabotage yourself. Like a big part of business launching anything
is ignoring the rules and getting to a place where if you're successful, then you can deal
with it. So in our case, does Stripe explicitly say, yes, you can collect credit card information
through SSH? No, they don't. They don't explicitly say anywhere. Because why would they ever have
considered this flow? Like, obviously, maybe, maybe literally no one has ever done this before.
Yeah. But you know, they do provide a way to support this kind of thing more generally.
You don't have to use their widgets. You can collect the details yourself and tokenize it
through their API. Like, it's a very standard thing that they support. That said, they might
still come back and say the specific way you're doing it is, you know, it doesn't work. Like,
you know, you guys need to do that. If they say that, we'll come, we'll go, yeah, we've got
you were actually even planning more than one planning on changing up. Yeah. Yeah.
We're like, there's so many different flows that we can do. But so many people out there will just
get stuck on things like this and not progress. They'll be like, well, technically, that's probably
wrong as well as a black and white thing. Yeah. Instead of realizing, no, you can launch and then
get somewhere and then like figure out later and then get to the next point. Someone in New
Bronx, I figured that's just how all this stuff works. And there's, I think people, a lot of people
are just so like, it's just not natural for them to think that way. Yeah, there's also like,
the people who will just immediately hate this new thing because of the people behind it. Like,
there'll be people who don't like individuals like you or prime, you know what I mean? Like somebody
that like is on the wrong side of the social graph and they're just not happy to see us do
anything. So there's that too. There's five of us like we have enemies. So yeah, it's interesting.
Like we all have a lot going on. This is not our main thing. But you like bring us all together
and we're all kind of it's just so fun. Like it's just so fun creating new things and doing it with
different people and especially just like a small group of very talented people that everybody is
good at what they do. There's just something electric about that. Like, you know this, you've
worked in small teams, you're working on another small team right now. There's nothing better in
life. Like I used to think I enjoyed like solo work. I did a lot of independent work. No, it's small
teams. That's the dream. It's funny. So me and Liz were talking about us yesterday and she was
like, Oh, this is the first time I am working on a competent and talented team. Yeah, because you
can work on a small team where everyone's an idiot. Oh, yeah, sure. Again, so the default. And she's
like, yeah, every single person is like really, really good at what they do. And you can just trust
them to go and do it. And to be honest, my first experience with that was also with SSC. Like it's
also a new experience for me. And it's so funny because once you're in it, and you like work that
way, then you look at all the conversations about like, here's how to build a team. Here's the
process you need. And just like, you just realize everyone's just compensating for sucking. Yeah,
basically. It's so true. But you need literally nothing when your team is good,
right? Like so little, you need like a general correct decision. But like all the details are
so broad. Like people just grab things and go and it comes out good. Like you need like all the
stuff people spend all their time talking about like, like should we do agile? Should we do this?
Like is remote work? Okay, like how do you need to over communicate? There's all these like stupid
things are just like so irrelevant. Have really good people. Yeah, I know. It's just so funny when
you're on the other side, just like, man, it's so it's so great that really none of that matters.
Yeah, it's the best. And I was thinking that's actually actually how you because everyone's like
every single company is like, our team is so good. We only hire the best people.
Every single team, 100% of companies only hire the top 10% of people. Every single company says
that. But it's so easy to measure. Just measure how much process you have. Yeah, like if you guys
are talking about like, I don't know, just like the exact pull request process that you need to
follow. Meanwhile, we have five people just eating shit straight into the main branch and not even,
you know, it just doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. I regret I'm sorry that I created a to do
that markdown file. Because it just needs to be deleted. I don't think we've used it. I kept trying
to read three things and I was like, never mind, I don't need this stupid. I mean, I did a bunch
of that too. Like you use recreate process over and over. And it's an instinct. Yeah, it's uh,
it really is like a unique collection. I feel like the skill set on our team. I do feel like
when I think about like the excitement around it, it's like, oh, you could like raise off this
excitement. I'm my first start. We raised off of literal social media vibes. Like that'll carry
an early round or two. But then it's like what we don't need anything else right now. Like we
don't need outside investment. We don't need other people. We literally have everything we need to
like go do this thing. And it's so fun. Yeah, I know. That's a funny part. Like it's, it's uh,
it's uh, I mean, the the clear thing is, I think people mix this up and I think
weirdly VCs are actually even pretty bad about this themselves. Like the trade-off we're making is
there's a ceiling to this type of thing. Like this is never going to be a world-changing
multi-billion dollar business. But by choosing not to do something like that, then it's a kind
of very straightforward. Like you can grow, you know, just through selling more, selling more,
selling more, et cetera. But like oftentimes I see VCs invest in businesses like this.
And I'm like, I don't get it. Like you're supposed to be investing in things that are like crazy
bets. They're not making any kind of crazy bet, really. No, right. We're making a slight bet,
which is, you know, the developer audience is big enough that they can, yeah, they'll want to buy
stuff consistently. But it's not like a massive bet. We're not trying to create anything totally new.
Yeah. Yeah. I think a bunch of VCs would invest in this and I would be like, you're dumb. Like,
why would you? I was telling you the other day, I was like, because you were like, I bet we could
raise off of this. And I was like, huh, that's weird because I wouldn't invest in this. Yeah. Well, you're smart, but you're right. We probably could. And as we say, it's like, you're smart.
These are not. Yeah. I literally just was trying to have the thought exercise. Like what would we do with capital? And I couldn't come up with anything. I mean, in my mind, it's like, oh, there's probably some stuff we could just make easier, but it's just like not. Yeah, I don't know if David, David probably doesn't listen to our podcast. I feel like if we could make David full time, like design is like everywhere. It's like, we literally need it everywhere. And
I feel like he could just be slinging stuff all day long. It's like the first thing my mind went to. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I'm getting way too specific here. I forget it's a podcast sometimes. I probably said that like a hundred times.
Remember that age Hacker News comment? So in one of the replies, and a person that posted is probably going to hear this, but we found it really funny, mostly because I misread it first. In the Hacker News post, someone was like, Oh, the two, two of the people working on this have
a podcast in parentheses, if conversational and off topic sometimes about tech. And I was like, well, first I read controversial. Yeah. And I was like, Whoa, we're controversial. We're so edgy. Yeah. I was like, but then I was like, wait a minute. I'm sure we're slightly controversial. But then I started thinking, are we like, do we like convey some kind of like weird political vibe that are people are picking? I went really deep on this and like from, I think five minutes before I realized
conversational conversation. Oh, yeah. I feel like there's like some people that have voiced wanting to hear
like the genesis of all this, like some of the backstory or even how we're building it. Like, there's a lot of like, how would you even do this? And I guess I didn't realize this wasn't super common knowledge. Do you want to talk about like how we built it, like the tech?
I think the genesis part is hard for us to just talk about. Oh, like the literal terminal part. Yeah, like just the underlying stack. We're going to open source at all at some point. So it's not like, yeah, yeah. I'm actually really excited. I'm really excited open source, because I think it's really interesting. Because on one hand, it is a terminal app, which is old school, but there's some like in an auto way. It's like a very modern app in terms of how it's built. It wasn't a lot of work to do the terminal thing. Yeah, right. Because we didn't
build any of the stage stuff. Yeah, basically this whole business. And we call it a startup. We just wrap charm. Charm is great, by the way. Love charm. Yeah. So we came across this library in Go called charm, which I sorry, it's a company called charm. They make a series of libraries. I knew about them for a while.
They make this thing called bubble tea, which is a way to do like really like crazy terminal UI stuff. And they like kind of handle, they have a little components that are for like more complex things, like inputs and things like that.
And they help me, they really push the bar and what you can do in a terminal. And I came across them because we're using them for SSC. And like, we're very interested in that type of thing. Yeah. And like, then shout out bash bunny. I mean, the streamer circle.
Yeah. Yeah. So we've like known about this for a while, but I didn't. And maybe I saw as when I forgot, but then we came across their other library called wish, where you can take any bubble tea thing, which is usually a CLI you run. That's the target. But you can just mount that same UI over SSH. And we realized, Oh, people don't have to install anything.
Which is awesome. Like the idea that you don't have to install any CLI to get this experience. Like, that's really cool.
And that was it. Like it pretty much handled everything. There's there's a lot of little quirks, like just so many little weird things to reconsider because
anything from just like the terminal, not having different tech sizes, like you just need to think about you. I completely differently. Just like the color stuff that you've been
like wrestling the past couple of days. It's funny. So you so the issue was in light mode, stuff looked off.
Someone reported an issue to me today for SST about how our colors look off in light mode. Yeah. I'm like, Oh, I know. You know what? I know why now. Yeah.
So there. So that's like the SSH part. But then the stage app, you can think of it like a front end. Like it doesn't actually do any of the business logic.
It just talks to an API. And the API is like a totally different angle. It's like on Cloudflare workers. It's like using all the experimental stuff. So it's a mix of
Cloudflare for the API. And then eight of us for gate ECS for the SSH app. And we've been able to use as the ion for this because we can deploy across multiple different providers.
And it's been particularly useful because yes, we're using Cloudflare for the API, but we also need to guard the SSH server from DDoS attacks, which is like, Oh, we saw one pretty early, right? Like, yeah, well, that was a API.
But I mean, I think it's because our domain, like we didn't create our domain, like we bought it from someone. Yeah. Like the moment I hit the training up, just like getting hit with like a bunch of random stuff.
Yeah. In using SST being able to configure like, Oh, like, uh, Cloudflare is a product called Spectrum, like put it in front of the SSH stuff, sort of thing proxies through.
Yeah, it's like a mix of all these different things coming together. And it works really well. It does.
It works great. I started thinking about like, I need to better understand the mechanic. Like if I, I need to sit down and like diagram exactly, exactly the infrastructure here because I realize in reading people's critiques of all this stuff, like it's just some, it's the mix of old and new tech that like.
I didn't really fully understand that like the Go applications actually running on our fargate instances and the SSH session just like proxies, the input output, basically, right?
Yeah. So it's kind of a mind bender when you're used to just like a traditional web application, like a normal web architecture, like thinking about this app and like where everything's running and maybe it wasn't hard for you, but it's like keeps breaking my brain a little bit.
Yeah. It's confusing because I think the model is we're used to having a browser that like download stuff and run stuff off of our machine.
But this is more like someone showing you a video feed of a browser in the cloud. Yeah. It's like, it's like an old like mainframe where there's like terminals connect. I mean, it's exactly that, right? Like where the thing is running on the other thing and it's just literally sending you the display and the input output.
It's like there's another parallel that escaped me just now. Oh, it's like when Google did that Stadia thing, like it's kind of like that model. It's like we're running the GPUs in the cloud, but then like just sending you everything so that you can interact with it.
Yeah. And there was even that mighty browser thing for a little bit. Oh, yeah. So that's actually a really crazy story. So it was one of those things that Hacker News hated. So the idea was it's a browser that's actually running entirely in the cloud and the client
application is just like, you know, a shell. It's like a video feed. So they put all this work into like using all this like crazy compression and lowering the latency.
And people were like, this is a really good product. Like I can have like a million tabs open, even on my like slow computer and like it worked great and solve the real problem.
But then the M chips came out and that was actually what killed them and it made it so people's computers were fast enough again. Yep.
And they like abandoned the thing and now they pivot it to another pretty cool product. Actually, it's like, it's like they're rethinking what Photoshop would be like if
Oh, really? AI first. The people that made mighty the browser. That's what they're doing. Yeah.
It's Sue or Sue, what's it say? I was, I was talking about him on here before, but he's a mixed panel founder, right? Oh, right, right, mixed panel. Yeah.
Too high. So how do she? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, it's weird that like they got killed by by computers being never bet that that would. Yeah, it's like they just got faster in the fixy issue. Interesting.
I've never I've never once felt like I had too many tabs open, but I've always used like very powerful machines, I guess I never have more than a couple. I don't like constantly killing.
I just thought Theo say that on Twitter, you just kill him, huh? You just don't like, well, the thing he was quote tweeting was like someone being like, I lost a thousand tabs and I'm like, what the hell?
Like, there's no way you could actually keep track of a thousand tabs. But I do have this like sense of dread when I close it. Like, I'm going to need that one later.
Like, I'm going to need it. It's like cables in a bin. It's like, I'm going to need it someday. I'm going to be like, where did that go? That's really crazy.
Got rid of it. Because I totally get the cable thing. So I can relate to exactly that feeling. For some reason, it does not show up for me with a tab.
For me, the frustration of trying to find the tab I'm looking for, like, dominates everything.
I think in a lot of ways, the reminders for me, like every time I see the tab, I'm like, oh, yeah, I need to do that.
I see the source of anxiety. Yeah, it is a source of anxiety. It's so it's going to be addicted to it. Yeah, I don't know. Also addicted.
How much coffee have you drank? Because you're not really a coffee drinker.
I wasn't a coffee drinker for a couple of years. And then we started a coffee company and I'm back on coffee. I've got the whole setup, just like yours.
It's like, you got that. So you got the old fellow stuff. Yeah, I got the the water kettle thing. I got the pour over that. Yeah, all of it.
I've just been having like, I always just have like one large coffee in the morning, like a 20 ounce, you know what I mean?
Like the whole deal, the full pitcher. So I have one of those every morning and I've been having decaf after that.
I was asking Lizzie yesterday. I was like, I was like, what other products do you want to have like wholesale access to?
Because now we can just get coffee at probably like half the price that we normally pay for. I mean, that's pretty useful.
And I was like, man, we should get into like the paper towel game or something. Because I would love to sell price to the paper towels.
Bellipper themed paper towels. It could be a thing. We'll see what the paper. Well, there's some jokes there for sure.
That's another little thing that I like about like one. This is like such a simple concept, but when it clicked for me, it was like, I just found so interesting.
Like, you know, sometimes when companies mess up, they'll give you like, they don't give you money back that they're not like, here's $25.
We messed up. They're like, here's something a coupon that you can claim $25 a product. Yeah. Yeah.
That makes total sense because $25 a product to the customer is like only like, you know, $12 a product for that.
So they're actually like, they're like, they can kind of get away from me. That's made up. Yeah. I love that concept.
And it's like, it's so simple and maybe like, not that interesting, but for me, I just found like, it's like so counterintuitive.
Like, it feels like you're getting $25, but they're actually only giving you $12. Yeah, there's been a lot of a lot of little like brain tickling moments with this business.
When you're used to just doing like software stuff, the physical world stuff just introduces all kinds of, or just like e-commerce, I guess, this problem space has all these different like interesting ideas that you just really, oh, you can just do that.
Like, the example I think of is the boxes that we shipped them in cost like a dollar, like a little over a dollar for each box and it's like, we just add it to the shipping costs, like shipping and handling.
That's what handling is like, oh, we could just do that. We just like, add a dollar. I mean, like, you're paying for the box. It's amazing.
I don't know if I wasn't supposed to say that. Was that like secret? No, no, it's fine. It's funny because, yeah, that's another thing I was looking at.
I was like, everyone's mental model is there's a price of the product and there's the price of shipping.
And like everyone knows that there's these two components and they mostly evaluate what the price of product is worth it.
And then the shipping, maybe sometimes it's a lot, but for the most part, they're like, okay, I live here and it costs money to get here.
So whatever, they don't think too hard about that side. Yeah, but nothing is stopping you from distributing like $3 from the price of the product to the shipping bucket, you know, like, and like, I'm sure companies do that all the time.
Yeah, exactly. It's like, it's just one price and they split it into ways where maybe it seems more amenable to you.
I think Uber eats does this a lot. And I have like no clear confirmation of this, but they basically give out five hours off, five hours off, like left and right there.
There's like so many ways to get $5 off. But I noticed that when you use a $5 off thing, weirdly one of those variable prices, like the base price is like,
$4 higher than I normally expect and they subtract five dollars off of that.
That's dirty. Is that dirty? That's definitely dirty. That's definitely dirty. But like, I'm like, I'm pretty sure they just inflate the price whenever you use a coupon so they can break that down to it.
Oh, I wouldn't put it past them, for sure. It's just like little things like that to show up. Yeah. Yeah, it's fun. I don't know. It's fun to do something different.
If you've only ever done software development, I encourage you, start a little side hustle where you sell something, physical thing.
It's also funny how mistakes cascade in ways that they don't and software because everything's virtual and you can like kind of undo things without any cost.
Yeah, like custom tape or a lack of a lack of boxes or shipping paper. Well, yeah, it's like, we had this weird cascading issue where initially we bought two size boxes, but then one of the box sizes was too small.
So we started to ship everything in the bigger box. But that means we need a lot more packing paper because we're just putting one bag of coffee in a bigger box.
So we ran out of packing papers. That means that the order more packing paper. And then that was like kind of slow to deliver, which means we can't pack anything else until the packing paper shows up.
And then like, even the reason the box is too small, it's like, we thought about, OK, let's make sure the coffee fits, but we didn't think about, OK, does it receipt fix, but fit, but then it turns out that we never intended for the receipt to go.
In the box, because that was just for the in-person orders, but the receipt looks really good in the box.
Actually, we have 500 of them. We've got to do something with them. So yeah, the ripple effects are interesting. By the way, there's more paper and boxes coming today.
Now we have an overload of paper too. Oh, no, too much paper.
Yeah, because I ordered, I found like another place and they like got some stuff to us overnight because the other issue is me and lizard.
Oh, yeah, you're going as graduating. Yeah, leaving Friday night. So it's everything done today.
So all the boxes are going out today for the nil orders. Yeah. So we shipped half so far. I think we have another 100 we need to do today. Yeah.
And then we'll do it. And then the nil blend run is over. We over and we'll never have it again. Yeah.
If you ordered nil blend, congratulations. You will be one of the few that ever owns that blend. We're retiring it.
It was our kick off and new things, bigger, better things coming, maybe not better, bigger, no better, always better. Yeah, better.
But I want people that bought nil to feel good about it. Like it's a good blend. It's a good bean, a good roast, you know.
The other thing that I love seeing and this is a new experience for me was when we said sold out, there was a bunch of messages with people being like, no, I missed it.
Like, uh, and they're like upset. Yeah. And software never sells out. That's like software never sells out. That's like a new experience.
You can just like run out of things if you're selling physical things. Yeah, that's a good tweet. I'm going to tweet from the S T account.
Oh, yeah. We're sold out of S T. Yeah. Create some hype.
That was cool. Also seeing all the addresses and like seeing like, oh, like, it's so tangible. Like, yeah, these are all the places that people are going to really, you see the impact you're having on someone's life, like, they're going to receive this box.
And then they're going to consume the thing in that box into their bodies. That's interesting. I hadn't actually put that together.
Like, we're selling a thing that people will literally in their bodies. Yeah. It's kind of wild.
And you know, prime is licked every being. People will still ingest it. People will believe that he didn't really. He didn't. He didn't. He liked every being every single one.
I want to be clear here that he didn't. A legal is letting me know that we need to. But he did.
It is fun to be doing this with priming teach. It's funny, like a little bit of the origin story. Can you remember how this all started? I think I was the last to come in.
Like the last to be looped into this. So could you tell like the origin story? I've never heard it. Why are we doing this? How did it start?
The coffee thing of the company terminal. I might have just forgot. Maybe I was involved early and I just don't remember. It's so fuzzy, right?
Yeah, I guess it always is like that. We had this little moment and it's like looking back is like, wait, how did all this come down? Like, we've obviously been working for a bit.
I do remember the details. I think I remember the exact exact beginning. So okay, prime tweeted a long time ago, like, Hey, I'd love for a coffee company. This sponsored me or something like that.
And I messaged him because I knew two people that had coffee roasters. And the one we're working with now. Initially, I approached them because they sell the coffee already.
So I just like, Oh, do you guys want to do like a partnership with prime? Yeah. And they didn't like it. It didn't really click for them. So they were like, Oh, can we do some kind of like rev share thing, which, you know, it just like wasn't interesting to him.
Yeah, then he talked to me about like actually like making, you know, his own brand. And I was like, Oh, yeah, we can definitely do that. And then that's when we looped everyone in, like you and TJ. And we started progressing.
And then commentary reached out to prime being like, Hey, like, let's do it. And prime loves commentary.
And he was like, Okay, sorry guys. And then when I like go with this offer because it's right there. That happened twice. Right. Did it happen twice? I do. Maybe am I remembering wrong that he, he's, he was like, Okay, sorry guys, it was like the day after we all kind of like, we're like, let's do this.
He's like, Sorry guys, comment here approach. I'm going to do that. And then it was like, did it kind of revive again and then die again. I feel like it happened twice.
I think there was two, there were two things. I think commentary was the second one. I remember what the first, there was something else. But yeah, then he came back two months later being like, Okay, this commentary deal sucks.
Like something almost like 40 cents per sale or something. Like basically not worth it. So yeah, I know he really liked commentary. I think commentary. Everyone loves it. Right. I don't even know what it is. Is it like some kind of like normal coffee, but no, I think it's like some other thing.
Some other thing. I think they're like chemists or something, right? Like, yeah, it's like, it's like, they invented some way to like deliver coffee. Yeah. It's like these pods like some coffee that's.
I don't know. Okay. So that, I mean, it looks like they have like people like Seth Rogen, like, but I get why they didn't get prime, you know, the Seth Rogen deal.
Yeah. So then, but then he came back to us and then we're like, Okay, let's, okay, then let's do it for real. And then I think, I think that was, that was really it.
But we just kept coming more and more ideas of like things to sell and ways to do it. So I did not like kept the money going.
So many people just think, I guess there was some trend with like influencers creating coffee brands where they just can click a button and they have a coffee brand.
And so many people think that's what's happening here. Like we just, we just like put our label on some SaaS service that's shipping coffee. That's not what we did.
And I know we said that online. But in our replies, there was a CEO of one of the companies that does that. I give it. It was called driply drip. Oh, really? Something.
And he was just kind of like talking about some of his business. But yeah, they just like is definitely a way more involved process than something that was set up for like influencers like resale stuff.
We're so like partnering with companies, of course, we're not like, we're not basically roasting the beans, but we know who are also not growing them. Yeah, I'm glad we're going to be able to work with my friend too. He's a.
Yeah, I'm very excited about this. Yeah, there's so many little details I want to like catch up on. But I also, I don't know. I don't know if they're good content.
I don't know. Is this podcast good content? I don't know. People listen to us, then they're probably going to listen to whatever we say.
That's pretty like fun to think about. We can literally just talk about whatever we want. It doesn't matter. We can make whoever is this thing right now. We can make you listen to anything we say.
So we're going to say some things. I have a couple questions about logistics here. Did you find out? Yeah. Are we providing labels? Or are they taking address? Like, do you know that connection to them? How we're going to hand off? Is like a daily manifest kind of thing?
No, well, we'll integrate like automatically with whatever workflow they have. So they use ship station for shipping. Oh, they do.
So we can just literally hit their ship station and do our or, okay, or we can, we can use our own and continue to provide labels. Like, we'll figure out the exact process, but they can do either.
Yeah. Does that answer your question? No, it does. Yeah. And I mean, there's like more nuance, I guess, like in terms of what we have to deliver to them and how that's structured because.
Like, obviously, we're going to have some blends, some different options that people can buy, but then with each blend, it's going to be like, do you want whole bean? Do you want course or fine ground, like a few different grind options?
Wait, we're not grinding, though. Well, they are. The roaster does, right? No, no. So, but maybe they can't provide. We don't tell you.
Well, so he said they can, but he was like, it's a really messy process and like the quality deteriorates extremely fast. You can do it if you want to, but he doesn't recommend that we do it.
Really? Because I mean, they sell ground. He doesn't love doing it, but he just doesn't love doing it. He doesn't love doing it.
Yeah. But like some people won't buy coffee because they don't have a grinder and they don't want to learn or buy one.
But I was talking to Lizzie the other day and we have, so most people that start a coffee thing, they are like, oh, we're going to make like high quality coffee that appeals to people that are really into coffee.
That's different from us. We aren't trying to appeal to people that are really into coffee. We're actually taking an existing audience and trying to get them into this new thing if they're not already into it.
Yeah. So they're like, oh, it's like a thing that people discovered. Like the way you discovered BJJ, like people might discover they're actually really into this thing that they hadn't discovered before.
So our approach would actually be more to like curate everything they need to get into this. Educate them on how to prepare good coffee, basically.
Yeah. Because I agree, I would only want to buy whole beans. Like I don't want to buy pre-ground because it just loses the freshness or whatever.
Yeah. So selling them the grinder, selling them the filter, all those things. So Lizzie's sister works in any commerce at this pre-successful company.
And she told us all these pretty useful things. She talked to, she immediately was like, you guys should just sell reasonable straws.
And she's like these random one-off accessories end up doing really, really well.
Yeah. So that's kind of how I think about it more. Like if people, I'd rather like have like experience and like get people to buy into it than like cater to.
Yeah. But going to your point, yes. So there's like details about the order that it seems like I was looking, all there's also looking into like the, because you were trying to get that printed on the label automatically.
Mm-hmm. And it does seem like we should be able to do it because of what I also discovered.
It's our provider. I think, I think there is an option. I think I found it yesterday. They call it something that was unintuitive.
But I think if we just use their ship station, I know that ship station supports it.
Okay. We can just switch. Yeah. Okay. And I think then the label will have everything they need to fulfill it, right?
Yeah. So that's the only touch point. Like we literally just send labels to their thing and it would just, they just go off the label and ship the box.
Nice. I mean, that's nice if we just did that way. And obviously we need to make sure, and like they offer like a wide range of things.
Like they can like own a lot of it, like inventory manager, like all that stuff. I don't think we'll use them to that degree, but he gave us examples of how they're working with some other businesses.
Yeah. Like how we can kind of grow into something more like we don't have to just do the on demand. It's like serverless.
It's like we're starting out server right now. We can grow into like some EC2 instances. We need to bags that we roast for just us.
Yeah. It's exactly the same thing. Yeah. It's pretty cool. The parallels. Yeah. So that's, and we have to like ship them the bags and the boxes and yeah, and all that.
Yeah, I need to get that address and just update all these places. I've been shipping everything to your house now.
I don't think we're going to probably like keep doing the Amazon for like boxes and shipping materials. We got to find good suppliers for that stuff.
Yeah. He's got some recommendations too. But yeah, the like the labels. I'm very excited to see the packaging for our new roasts.
There'll be like, we just, when you have a good designer, it's just like every part of this is fun because like every around every corner, there's like new things to look at and they're just so cool.
They're going to be like collector's items. These bags, like they're all going to kind of like fit together and like belong to the same family, but they're going to be all unique in their own way.
I'm very excited. I'm a sucker for branding. Yeah. We got to make sure we save an archive on our end.
Oh, yeah. Like a one of each. Yeah. Like we have a version of each. Yeah. Good call. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I'm so manic right now. I'm trying to really like hold back because I'm just sleeping very little. I'm drinking coffee.
I have a lot going on outside of this too. I mean, as you do, it's like there's so much to juggle right now. And it's a, it's that very exciting cycle of death where I'm too excited to sleep.
And I just fuel up on coffee. I get a ton of stuff done. And then I crash at night. And then I barely sleep. It's just a, it's a bad cycle.
I haven't sleeping normally. You don't drink coffee. I'm so jealous. I'm just flat. I'm just like this all the time. I'm just an addict.
I feel like most people are like you actually. I mean, not, I think you have like a extreme. You take it to an extreme, but most people are like because Liz is also very like up and down.
Like I haven't had my coffee. This is like every name in the world. It's like we're all addicted to this drug.
Well, yeah. So my heart also told us that coffee is the second most traded commodity after oil. Wow. That's so cool.
And we're like oil tycoons. Basically. The thought I had after was like, that's crazy. But then I was like, oh, I guess that's just what happens when you have like a drink.
You have like a drug that's legal. It literally is a drug that's legal. And then like it just embeds in every part of the world. Yeah.
You know, it's funny though. Like I had this thought on the walk I took yesterday, which is like, are we drug dealers? No, I thought like no, it's like socially accepted.
So drugs, there's like a connotation with drugs that like you're doing a thing that's like against societal norms.
So even though it basically is a drug from like a physical standpoint, like you get addicted to it, it has crazy psychological effects.
Even though that's all true, because it's like everyone I know and love consumes it, it's different. It's not heroin. You know what I mean? Like it's different when it's socially acceptable.
Well, I have a different perspective on it. You think it's not different? We're all the statics. Sorry.
Because I don't drink coffee. I of course want to take the position that you're all drug addicts. We are.
I mean, I'm not because I'm better than all of you. Do you think there's anything to what I'm saying? Like that there is a difference?
Yeah, there clearly is a difference. Like, I mean, the difference ultimately is arbitrary. Like on hand, it's like social.
Okay, with some things. But on the other hand, like it does make a difference. Yeah, it's a soft difference, but it's a it's a difference nonetheless.
But like what is this question initially? Like are we drug dealers? Is that like a question? I mean, people said that like online. I mean, it's like a natural reaction.
Like, Oh, you're selling coffee. You're a drug dealer. There's been a lot of serious thing or is that a joke?
No, like no, it's like a joke. And then like I said, I was, I was getting high on my own supply drink in this coffee and people are like scar face memes and stuff.
Like it's like, yeah, but don't you want to be a drug? It's like you're looking for reasons to make us not drug dealers.
Oh, no, I'm all about it. I'm like, it's all like I want to be.
No, we're wholesome drug dealers. I posted that, that pushed it to the limit video before we went online.
Exactly. There is something about like, you've talked about the Kamado Joe thing. There's something it's scratching for me, which is like, I've gotten this in the software side too, but it's different.
It's like this feeling of like literally our whole goal is just to like delight people. It's like five people channeling all their energy towards like just like sparking a little joy in people's day. You know what I mean?
Like something about like they're going to make this coffee and enjoy it and like the memes that we're bringing into it. It's like we're mold it or melding like tech mean culture with this daily habit that's so enjoyable.
Something about that. You feel like Santa Claus a little bit like I'm just like making people happy and it's nice.
Yeah, I definitely feel that, but I think I miss out on a portion of it that the rest of you feel because I know like the ritual of making coffee every day is like a very like deep thing for people.
And I got the smells, the feels, like all of that. I think you're missing that part. You can just like watch Liz doesn't do it for me.
It's so interesting that Liz drinks coffee like that. I can't imagine like, I mean, Casey, she drinks decaf with me because I'm drinking coffee again, but it would be hard.
It'd be like one spouse having like a serious dietary restriction. The other not. I feel like one spouse not drinking coffee and the other drinking coffee.
It's such an interesting like, you're not tempted at all. You just like watch and you smell it now.
I think it smells great. I just do not have a taste. Just do not have a taste.
Objectively, you're on the right. You're in the right there. I feel like everyone adapts to it.
It tastes like dirt water. It really does. Like there's not a thing that people selling coffee should say a lab, but like it really is objectively terrible.
And then you get to where you love it and you're like, why do I like this? Why do I like the taste of this bitter hot drink that like scalds my mouth?
I don't know what I do and I just keep doing it. It's the caffeine. It's the addiction, whatever, drug.
That's amazing. It truly am better than everyone else.
You really are. Look at that self control. I really have to pee now. Again, coffee. It's like amplifying that urge a lot.
P and poop, I imagine. Yeah, we're not going to go into that, but someone's talking about that being a feature on the internet.
That's what I mean. Trash. I don't know. That's what I tweeted. You're welcome. Yeah, exactly.
Go back to it. We got stuff to do. We got to sell more coffee. Enjoy your mania. Yeah, thanks.
All right. You too. See ya. See ya.